The most popular video on my YouTube
channel is one going over how I went
from 0 to 900K per month in 11 months.
And at the time of recording, the video
has about 230,000 views. You can check
that out if you want to. The interesting
thing is that I made the slideshow for
that video in about 25 minutes as a
presentation for a last minute webinar I
was doing for my friend's agency
community. And I put almost no thought
or effort into it at all. And it clearly
worked for me as the video replay on
YouTube has made me millions of dollars.
But it left out a lot of the stuff that
might be good to know or to replicate in
your business. So for for context, I was
doing a landing page in CRO Agency for
e-commerce stores and this was right
around the perfect time that iOS 14 came
out and completely tanked everyone's ad
performance and they needed a way to get
their CPA back down. basically CRO was
the answer. So that combined with the
fact that there was very little
competition at the time surely helped
me. But I did many things that at the
risk of bragging were very brilliant.
I've seen many people try to copy all of
the offers, setups, and funnels for my
landing page in SER Agency since then,
but none of them have made it as big as
me because they don't have the backend
things that I'm about to show you here,
the stuff that's not publicly visible.
So today I'm going to go over what I
think are the top five things that led
to such a great success. So let's get
started. But before we get started, I
want to say that a lot of people are
probably skeptical that a business or
any business, let alone an agency, could
grow that fast. But after seeing the
things I'm about to show you, you might
think that the results should have been
better and instead of 900k a month, 1
million, 2 million, 5 million a month.
And I did miss a few opportunities. I'm
not going to lie. So, I'm going to go
over these five things one at a time as
simply as I can and give you examples
and most importantly action steps for
how to do it yourself. So, let's get
started. What is the first one? The
first thing that I did that led to a
tremendous amount of growth was
partnerships and in specifically white
label and referral partnerships. These
were almost all with other marketing
agencies and e-commerce. But in the
couple of cases, they were things like,
you know, landing pages and CRO SAS
tools or SAS platforms and some
affiliate marketplaces as well, but
mostly with all other agencies. So, when
making partnerships, I think all you
need to do is ask yourself one simple
question that will get you 80% of the
way there, and it's who sells to the
same customers as me, but is not selling
a competing service. I think it really
is that simple. For me, I was doing
landing pages and CRO for e-commerce
stores. E-commerce stores needed a lot
of different services like Facebook ads,
Google Ads, SEO, email marketing,
influencer marketing, UGC, and so on.
And it wasn't around that time, but
nowadays, Tik Tok shop would be a great
example there, too. So, I had referral
partnerships with all types. I had
basically three go-to options at
different price points for every
service. So, you know, I would have a
US-based SEO company. I would have a
Eastern Europe-based SEO company or a
Philippines-based SEO company. So, I
always had something for different price
points. They would refer clients to me
and I would refer clients to them. I was
sending thousands of cold emails per day
to all types of e-commerce agencies
trying to forge these partnerships. And
in general, I think that every good
partnership pitch has a few things, and
most people only do one of these. So,
the first is obviously a referral fee or
incentive. Everybody has this, but it's
not really special or anything cuz
anyone is going to give a referral fee.
The second thing that's very important
are how this will help their LTV or CAC.
Basically, how it'll make their LTV
higher or reduce their CAC. And then
three, a special offer for their
referrals that essentially eliminates
all risk. So, most people get this wrong
and they only focus on the referral fee.
But I'm going to show you what I did for
each because only focusing on the
referral fee is just stupid. Anyone will
give them a referral fee. That doesn't
make you special. I made it a habit to
pay everyone's referral fee within an
hour of closing. Too many people either
forget to pay or make it so tedious that
it leaves a bad taste in the referer's
mouth and basically causes them not to
refer long term. And that wasn't me at
all. I always made sure they got paid as
fast as possible. So, it was kind of
like a dopamine inducing feedback.
At the time, I was receiving about 40
referrals per week, like so 40 booked
calls, and I would close over 50% of
them. So, I'm going to talk about how
this helped their LTV and the special
offer I gave to referrals in a minute
when I talk about the white label
partnerships, but it was the same offer
for both. So, this referral partnership
strategy was very strong for me. I got
those 40 booked calls at my peak and all
of that kind of stuff, about 20 new
clients per week. But the white label
version of this was even better for me.
So, what I did was I listed out all of
the different services that e-commerce
stores needed earlier, all of the
potential partnerships. But, of course,
if you know anything about e-commerce,
one stood out far above the rest, and
that was Facebook ads. I have run my own
e-commerce stores before. So obviously
Facebook ads are most of the mo most
like basically the most important thing.
Most brands are getting 90% or more of
their customers from Meta and that is
why the landing pages and CRO services
are so valuable because they're part of
the process of making Meta ads work. So
I had a great offer for Facebook ad
agencies. Basically, it was this. Pay me
$5,000 per month and I will make you
unlimited landing pages for your
clients. The maximum was two at a time.
So, in effect, unlimited means four to
eight per month. Still tremendous value.
I told them that this is going to
improve your LTV because your ads are
actually going to convert and clients
will churn less. If you are basically
running ads to a landing page that has
almost no chance, it doesn't matter if
you have the best click-through rate and
the cheapest cost per click of ads in
the entire world, it's just not going to
work and people are going to churn. And
then for my special offer for them, what
I did was I said, I will do a free above
the fold mockup and offer plan for all
of your clients while basically
pretending I work for you, which is what
white label is. So, how well did that
work? Well, at the peak, and this was
only for about a month or two, but at
the very peak, I had 77 different paid
ad agencies. Most of those were
Facebook. Some were Tik Tok, some were
YouTube, some were Google, but most were
Facebook. All paying me $5,000 per month
for this white label service. And if you
do the math on that, it's about 385K per
month in recurring revenue with very,
very low churn. They're kind of locked
in. This was much easier for me to get
than the equivalent 385k per month I
would have to get in like from clients.
It was much easier to get it from
partners than clients. And I would say 5
to 10 times easier just cuz they get so
many, you know, they're just I don't
know how to describe it.
E-commerce stores get so much outreach
and it's so competitive versus
e-commerce agencies get far less. So,
the response rate was much better and
they're much more likely to stick with
me. But whatever. I also probably got
between 100 to 200k per month from the
referral partnerships, but most of that
was onetime revenue from landing page
builds and had a pretty hefty referral
fee. But that is the first thing I did
much differently than everyone else that
led to great success. But what are some
of the other things? The next thing has
to do with something that is true in
every industry, but it's especially true
and difficult in e-commerce, which is
getting people to respond to and book
calls from cold email. I view e-commerce
as the single most difficult industry to
book meetings from cold email. That's
for a few reasons. The first is that
they just receive so many cold emails.
For context, I have a Shopify store that
hasn't done a sale in 3 years and the
domain isn't even active anymore or
there isn't any website for it. And I
still personally receive about 30 cold
emails per week to that email address
pitching cold services or pitching ecom
services. So, I can't even imagine how
many cold emails legit e-commerce
founders receive. The second reason it's
difficult is it's just so easy to find
e-commerce founder emails in comparison
to other industries. Just go on any data
tool, say technologies, use Shopify, and
you have a perfectly accurate list.
Number three is there just so many
stores that need so many services. So
there's huge demand and the supply
reflects that. These things in
comparison to other industries make it
very tough to do cold email successfully
in e-commerce. However, during this time
period, I was booking sometimes as many
100 calls per week from cold email. And
I attribute this to one and let's say
one and a half things. So, anytime
someone responded anything to any cold
email, my appointment setting team would
get the notification and call them and
text them right away. We had all of
their phone numbers from where like when
we enriched the list and we had a custom
you know I think they call it a script
in Google Sheets and if they basically
responded it would go to the Google
sheet and you know flash and they would
give them a call. So that in my opinion
is the number one difference maker in
cold email. You have to call them right
away. You can't rely especially in
e-commerce of them just kind of going
back and forth. It's almost like two,
three, four, five times the result for
the same effort. But how is that
possible 24/7? Like that's that was the
question because I wasn't always
successful with the cold emails in
e-commerce. And it wasn't until I
started doing this that I got the
result. So this is what I would consider
when I said one and a half things. This
is the extra half part I said earlier.
So to make this possible at any given
time I had three appointment setters in
Mexico and South America, three in South
Africa and Eastern Europe and three in
Indonesia or Malaysia or the
Philippines. So that no matter what
there was always three people online
working in 8 hours shifts basically 24/7
and they were available to call anyone
who replies at any time of day even the
middle of the night. So I was sending
huge volume of cold emails during this
period. So I had three people at a
minimum both to handle the amount of
volume as well as for redundancy
purposes because we all know how
reliable some BAS especially appointment
setters are. So if there was a reply
there was a notification in Slack and
the Google sheet and there was an
instant call and text. So text message
basically sent with the first name so
that it would say you know maybe Matthew
Larson instead of likely spam or just an
unknown number and then they would
double call which gets through a lot of
the weaker do not disturb features on
most phones. So I truly feel that this
was the main difference for me and the
main difference between people who have
mild cold email success and those who
have a ton of success. You absolutely
have to call and that's especially true
in e-commerce.
So that is two of the five things and
there are three left. So what's the next
one? The next one perhaps made all the
difference in terms of how rapidly I was
able to grow. This is one thing that I'm
very proud of and applying this concept
is one of the first things I do or
engineer in every new business I am a
part of and I've completed this
objective in both lead generation
academy as well as the paper lead agency
I'm a partner of as well. and it truly
is some of my finest work. So, this
concept is all about driving customer
acquisition costs down to zero or even
negative in some cases. Negative meaning
you actually get paid to acquire
customers. And if you could only choose
two metrics for context and to go back a
bit, you'd probably choose to improve
your CAC, which is customer acquisition
cost, and your LTV, which is lifetime
value. I actually heard Alex Ramoszi say
or talk about this, and I've always
believed it. It's from a book called
Getting Everything You Can Out of All
You've Got by Jay Abraham. And it's you
want your customer acquisition cost to
go to zero and your LTV to go to
infinite. Of course, that is how you
really really scale a business. And
unfortunately for me in this e-commerce
agency, my LTV was not that great. It's,
you know, 16 to 25K depending on the
time period. So, I focused on my
customer action cost and I really did a
great job of this. So, there are
multiple components to what I did. I
have one component that I'm going to
talk about in the next point and go
specifically in depth on that, but I'm
going to talk about it very generally
here as well. So, I ran a ton of ads and
did a ton of outreach to grow the
business. I did some content too, but
didn't get a lot of traffic or new
attention. And it was mostly to nurture
the people who learned about me from ads
and outreach. So with all of the ads and
the outreach, there's a ton of costs
involved. Ad spend, outreach
infrastructure like inboxes and
accounts, as well as just general
appointment setting and closing costs
and any SAS and any payment processing
fees. Those were by far the biggest
expenses in my business. So, in general,
depending on the time, but my intro
offer had about a $3,300 value at 80%
gross margins, and that meant I had
about $2,640
of margin to acquire customers and then
either repeat business or upsells to
CRO, and that's where all of the profit
was. I went back basically to find all
of these numbers to get you the exact
costs. I actually spent more time um
trying to find these numbers than I did
actually outlining this video. And the
customer acquisition cost through the
book a call funnel was $1,988.
The CAC through cold email was $680. The
CAC through outbound setters, which is
basically cold DMs, was $575.
And these are inclusive of all costs
with the outreach costs mostly being
like commission for appointment setters
and commission for closers. But just to
differentiate there. So I even went so
far in preparations to weight out these
numbers to accommodate for volume. And I
found that my overall blended CAC
between paid ads, outbound setting, and
um cold email was on average, when you
take into account the difference of what
I got, like how many clients I got for
each was $1,077
on a 3,300 average order value. And
that's not bad at all. That is a $2,640
in margin per client. And I could have
been very happy with this. It's
profitable after all. But I wanted to go
to zero. So here is what I did simply as
possible. So going back, remember how I
said that I had referral partnerships
that booked me a ton of meetings? The
inverse and opposite were true. Like I
said, I had partners, I referred to
them, and they referred to me. I talked
earlier about how they referred to me.
But let's talk about the other way. I
referred huge numbers of people and I
always got a referral fee. I made sure
of that and I made a lot of friends and
allies in this process. I do not ask for
a referral fee in general when I just
refer one or two people to whoever needs
it. But when I actually make it as part
of my set system, I always make sure I
get a referral fee because then it
allows me to, you know, have more cash
flow to acquire more customers to get
even more referrals to them. So when you
explain that to them when you're not
just being greedy, everybody's kind of
game and they give you a much better
fee, let's just say, than if you were
just kind of acting greedy. So what I'm
going to go over here was heavily
concentrated in the onboarding process,
but it was also ongoing 24/7 365. So in
the client onboarding document and on
the onboarding call, there was a form
for intros and other stuff they needed.
So for some for kind of an example here,
do you need a Facebook ads agency? Do
you need a Google ads agency?
Do you need a Tik Tok ads agency? Do you
need an influencer marketing agency? Do
you need an SEO agency? Do you need an
email marketing agency? Do you need an
accountant? Do you need a bookkeeper? Do
you need a lawyer? Do you need a broker
or an agent to help you get into retail?
Do you need a tracking or attribution
software or setup? Do you need an agency
ad account? Do you need AB AB testing
tools for e-commerce?
Tons of different options, right? And
think about it. I had all of this in my
onboarding process, getting tons and
tons of new clients per week, and they
would just say yes or no. These are not
madeup things or services. These are
stuff that these clients actually need
and are in most cases already buying. So
I negotiated with all of my referral
partners to give me 100% of the revenue
of the first month retainer. Did nothing
after that and that gave me a huge cash
flows. So for example uh an e-commerce
agency I would work at charged typically
5k per month to their clients and
instead of the standard recurring 10%
commission for life which would be
basically $500 per month I got it all up
front. that would be a 5k referral fee
and they would keep the rest. So I add
between 10 and 50 10 and 15 rather
referral options in my onboarding
process and sometimes people would
request referrals to five or even 10
different things or services at a time.
So basically with an average payout from
the other agencies of about 3500 per
month. So some people charge a,000, some
people charge $5,000, some people charge
$10,000, but it basically evened out to
about $3,500 per month. So that would be
my commission. So I had that $3,500
potential commission and a $1,000.77
CAC. I basically just needed one
successful referral to completely
eliminate the CAC for over three other
customers. And hopefully that makes
sense. made sense when I'm talking here.
But so not everyone really converts
there, but some clients actually convert
for multiple referrals. And I remember
several times where I got over 15K in
referral commissions from just one
client. So this process was so
successful that it completely eliminated
my customer acquisition cost. And all I
had to do was increase the volume of my
outreach and increase my ad spend. and
the budget and worries around acquiring
customers and how much it cost did no
really longer applied to me. This was
the number one thing that allowed me to
scale so quickly. And if I actually had
a good LTV and a lower monthly churn
rate, I probably would have gone from 0
to 5 million per month instead of 0 to
900K. But fulfillment is a story for a
different time. So that is the biggest
reason that allowed me to scale. But I
also alluded to something else that is
related and I'll talk about that now. So
it was a specific type of funnel where I
had a zero or free customer acquisition
cost even without that process that I
just went over. And that was my low
ticket product and my low ticket funnel.
Not a lot of agencies do a low ticket
funnel and that's usually because the
offers just aren't that good or it just
doesn't really make that much sense. But
my low ticket offer eventually settled
on being 100 landing page templates for
$97.
And for the lore here, I actually
started with three for 17. And then I
just added more and more and more and
more. At one point, I actually tried
a,000 landing page templates for $97,
but I found it didn't really perform any
differently than just 100. So instead of
that, we tried to focus on making those
100 better. So essentially what I was
doing was making a sale for $97 minus
the fees. Then I was running ads for
these templates to e-commerce stores. If
I was able to get someone to buy these
templates for $97 or less, I was
breaking even and then I could just
relax. You know, ad spends taken care of
and tried to upsell them over time. And
should know I was only doing this
through ads. This cold email didn't play
a part of this. This went well for me
for about 7 months. in addition to all
my other efforts, including eventually a
book aer call funnel and lead magnet
funnels. But I'm in no way trying to
claim that this worked permanently. And
the costs per purchase of the templates
continually increased over time until
the point where it was basically no
longer worth it. I was no longer
breaking even and I eventually shut it
down.
The key metric here in my opinion is
2.1% of customers who bought these
templates eventually upsold into a done
for you landing page package which was
that $3,300 price point. And this meant
for a certain point of view when you
basically multiply $3,300 by 2.1%. These
customers were worth $69.30
more on top of the 97 to me. And then
they were worth even more if they upsold
to a recurring CRO package. So if you do
that math, you know, 2.1% of 3,300 is
$69.30
plus the 97. Oh my god, what is this?
66 maybe. Who knows? But I could in
theory pay 166 or whatever that math
actually works out to if I'm wrong and
still be break even. But I eventually
shut it down at about $110 customer
acquisition cost.
Regardless throughout this process
before I turned it off, it was so
powerful me because I could advertise so
heavily without the risk even more so
than in the previous point because it's
kind of like selling an e-commerce
product where cash flow is instant. the
referral fees from the same or from the
previous point still applied to me here
which was in this kind of process I was
profiting from both the referral fees as
well as what I'm going to talk about
soon
at the peak of this funnel which really
lasted for a couple of weeks I was
spending 7K per day on this adunnel and
getting between 60 and 100 purchasers
who would eventually convert to the
landing page clients at a 2.1% rate.
This was a lot of profit for me with
those referral fees because it was like
having two systems stacked on top of
each other to reduce CAC to zero. It was
just very very strong for the time that
it lasted. And in addition to that, the
templates are built on Web Flow, which
is a somewhat uncommon platform to build
this stuff on, but in my opinion, it is
the best. And most people who bought did
not have Web Flow, and a lot of them use
my affiliate link. Web Flow doesn't have
the greatest affiliate program out
there, but thousands of people were
buying these stacked up to a tremendous
amount of recurring revenue over time,
and I poured all of that cash flow back
into ads and outreach.
So, that is basically it for that. The
first four things that I did to get from
0 to 900K per month in this video all
had to do with acquisition. And that
makes sense. 0 to 900k per month takes a
lot of acquisition to do especially when
you take into account I had somewhat of
a high turn rate. But one might ask and
trust me I this is what I was thinking
about the whole time is how is someone
supposed to hire train and fulfill that
volume of work so fast and that's what
my final point is about. My final point
which is all about fulfillment is number
one get a very good COO. I paid mine
about 50,000 pounds because he was from
the UK per month and he basically saved
my life. But the the other part of the
point is our approach was more like a
factory or assembly line approach to
making landing pages and do zero. This
was the only way for us to do 200 plus
new landing page clients per month.
satisfy 75 or more partners as well as
45 recurring sitewide co clients. I
tried everything in the early days and
leaving people up to their own projects
and doing landing pages in CRO however
they wanted would fail very very
quickly. So here is how it worked for
the landing page team. I had three what
I would call elite templates for each
kind of landing page and there are three
different types of landing pages in
e-commerce. There's sales pages, there
are advertorials and there are
listicles. These templates were, let's
say, hyper optimized and they kept
getting better and better over time for
incorporating new learnings from AB
tests for each client. And although they
were templates, once you actually put
people's colors, logos, pictures, and
overall branding on each page, you had
never, and people weren't, you would
never be able to tell that there were
templates unless you were specifically
looking for them. I had about 60 people
in Pakistan and India to help me do
this. And they would use pre-made AI
copywriting tools. So prompts, collab
projects, examples and so on that I had
made and perfected myself from when I
actually used to do the clients and
services myself. So with this message or
with this method, they were able to take
assets from the onboarding form, develop
an offer using the AI version of Matt,
then make the desired page type with all
of the assets filled in and all of the
copy within or um within 24 hours. And
when they did, they would pass it off to
one of my basically team of 15 in
America in Canada where they would act
as something like the editors at a
newspaper and they would fix it all up
and make it perfect. And it was their
job to take it from the 80 or 90% that
the team in Pakistan would do to 95% or
98% and ensure it looked good, was
functional, and there were no mistakes.
And then after they reviewed it, I had
another team of five in the Philippines
that would essentially act as a QA team.
They would go through a checklist and
make sure it was actually perfect. Then
the account manager would present it to
the client. We get yay or nay and then
kind of launch. So with that method,
we're able to get the first draft to the
client usually within 48 to 72 business
hours, which is a great time to value,
which in my view is one of the top three
most important metrics for client
satisfaction.
After they got the first draft, there
was normally one to two days of changes
and revisions asked for by the client,
and then we'd go live in most cases in
less than seven business days. So with
this method, we were able to scale
almost infinitely, but it definitely led
to a lot of problems with quality and
consistency along the way, but we kind
of ironed those out over time as we got
the process more dialed and dialed with
this method. To give you an idea of
client results, about 55% of our landing
pages beat the original or whatever they
were using before in an AB test, which
in my opinion is actually very good.
Most of the clients were very very smart
and they already had a good system.
That's why they're big e-commerce
stores. So, they had a good landing page
or product page that was optimized and
it made it hard to beat. So, I think 55%
is actually quite good. There were of
course pros and cons to the system like
everything in life, but it easily
handled over 200 clients per month with
most of them being happy. I made a point
for some hard lessons, trust me, to try
to avoid or discourage the people who I
could tell were very, very focused on
branding from buying during the sales
process. And I tried to get my closers
and sales team to not do that as well,
but they often kind of slipped through.
There's just some people like, "Oh, we
need it to be exactly like this." And
those people were never happy. um
especially with our templated process
and we tried to get them to not buy. So
these five things are really what
allowed me to scale from 0 to 900K per
month so quickly. There was a lot of
stuff in between, but I think these are
all great things and general concepts
that can be applied by anyone. If you
want me to help you build your business,
book a call with me at Lead Generation
Academy and I will see if you qualify.
Thank you for watching.